Now let's take a look at a very similar method, promised at all.
There are so many similarities between promise all and promise allSettled,
that most people get them confused.
Many people use promise all without really understanding, allSettled.
But after this example,
I think you'll see why people find these methods confusing,
and why you're likely to use allSettled more than all.
This code example is exactly the same as the last one,
except that now we're calling promise all instead of allSettled.
What will change when we run this? Let's try it.
At first glance, it doesn't look like a whole lot really changed.
We're still getting an array with
the names of each book that is the result of each promise.
But where promise allSettled,
had also given the information of whether that promise resolved or rejected,
promised at all only supplies the array.
Though the output of all,
and the output of allSettled right now,
seems to be about the same and you might think that you could use them interchangeably.
Let's take a look at another example to show
the big difference between all and allSettled.
So let's take a look at this code.
Just like in the last example,
I've changed book2, to reject instead of resolving.
How do you think promise all will respond when one of the promises rejects?
Let's run the code and find out.
Wow, now that is not what we expected.
The main difference between promise allSettled and promise all,
is that promise all will stop watching the promises and
fire the catch clause the first time it encounters a promise that rejects.
That's always confused me and I think that promise all
should really have been named promise all resolved,
because it only returns a list of values if every single promise is successful.
Promise allSettled on the other hand,
can handle resolved or rejected promises without triggering it's catch clause.